[Music]
i can dig caves but i don't need a
shovel to do it
i store silver and gold in these caves i
can build bridges
and i can make golden crowns everyone
needs me at least once in a lifetime
but most people are scared of me who am
i
[Music]
i'm a dentist
the mystery of growth when mike was 15
years old
he hammered a nail into a cherry tree in
his grandmother's garden
he wanted to mark his height ten years
later he returned to see if the nail was
any higher if the tree grew
one inch taller each year how much
higher would the nail be
the nails position wouldn't change trees
grow at their top
an orange riddle jenny was locked inside
a room with
15 other people each of them could see
the entire room
and everyone inside to do it they didn't
need to turn their heads or bodies or
move in any way
to get out of the room jenny had to
place an orange
in such a way that everyone but one
person could see it
the girl managed to do it but how
she put the orange on one person's head
which one is more expensive eric went to
the supermarket
and took two oranges and one watermelon
they cost him six dollars
helen went to the same supermarket she
opted for a lemon
an orange and a watermelon the girl paid
eight dollars
oranges lemons and watermelons have
different prices per piece
what's more expensive an orange or a
lemon
eric had two oranges and a watermelon
which cost him six dollars
these two kinds of fruit have different
prices so it can't be
two plus two plus two the only other
combination
is one plus one plus four then
a watermelon costs four dollars helen
paid four dollars for the watermelon and
a dollar for the orange
it means the lemon cost her three
dollars which makes it more expensive
than the orange
the worried wife jason got into a car
accident and lost his memory when he
came around in his hospital room
he saw three young women near his bed
but the man couldn't remember who they
were
each of them claimed to be his wife the
doctor told them jason had to stay in
the hospital
for at least one more week sweetheart
what am i supposed to do
if you never remember me the woman on
the left was sobbing bitterly
honey i'm so worried let's go home i
don't like it here
i'll take better care of you at home the
one in the middle exclaimed
the girl on the right was furious
they're trying to steal you from me
let's leave this place right away which
lady is the man's wife
[Music]
she's the one on the left she's the only
one who's worried
the other two want to take jason away
from the hospital but he's injured and
needs medical care
the inheritance jim's uncle archibald
was a wealthy man
who loved playing pranks on his
relatives that's why when he passed away
no one could find his will but one day a
few years later
jim was looking through some old papers
suddenly
his breath caught in his throat the
document he was holding was his uncle's
will it read
i hid all my money and other valuables
at 3 p.m
sharp under my favorite cherry tree
right where its shadow ends
the one who digs it out will be my heir
jim was beyond happy he was going to be
wealthy
he drove to his uncle's posh villa and
found the cherry tree
he waited till 3 pm and started to dig
but
try as he might his efforts didn't pay
off
confused and upset he had to return home
why didn't he find anything
it's been several years since jim's
uncle hit his valuables
the tree has grown taller and its shadow
has become longer too
who's poor these two girls are putting
on their makeup
and getting ready to go out and have fun
they're using pretty much the same
things
lipsticks cosmetics clothes their phones
look similar too
but one of these girls is poor who is it
[Music]
take a closer look at the girl on the
left her phone gives her away
it's an obvious knockoff but then again
she saves some money
she won't be poor for long
who is it mark and liza had been dating
for two years
one day the guy came to his girlfriend's
house he was going to propose to her
but when he made it there he found liza
with another man
mark was furious the other guy got
scared and
rushed out of the house liza was
shouting it was her brother
but mark knew better unfortunately he
hadn't seen the guy's face clearly
when he ran outside he saw three men
which one is liza's lover
it's the guy on the left it's freezing
outside
and the other two guys have red cheeks
and noses but the third guy's face is
pale
because he just left a warm house
a weird choice every day
mark rides his bike to the railway
station to get to the college
there are two stops near his home one is
a mile away from his house
and the other two miles away in the
opposite direction
in the morning he always gets on the
train at the first stop
and in the afternoon he gets off at the
second
why
mark's home and the stations are on the
hill and this method
allows the guy to ride his bike down
without any effort
a money problem a notorious criminal
caught rich businessman brian
and locked him in a room i won't let you
go until you double the money i leave
for you
and the criminal put five thousand
dollars on the table
by the time he returned brian had
already doubled the money
he hadn't left the room or communicated
with anyone
then how did he do it
[Music]
he put the money in front of the mirror
a realization three friends fell asleep
under a tree in the countryside
while they were resting a boy painted
mustaches on their faces
once the men woke up they started to
laugh but then
all of a sudden they stopped why
at first they saw the mustaches on their
friends faces
and found it funny but then they
realized their friends were laughing too
it meant they had mustaches on their
faces as well
wealthier grandfather aaron and his
grandfather were very close
they spent a lot of time together and
loved cracking detective riddles
unfortunately the elderly man passed
away unexpectedly
his lawyer informed the relatives that
the grandfather had hidden
all his money and he was a wealthy man
the one to find it would get all the
inheritance
aaron realized the grandfather wanted
him to get everything
he ran to the elderly man's office and
soon understood
where to look for the money can you
figure it out
there's a cross drawn on the picture
with a fountain
that's the fountain from their garden
aaron has to look for the money there
trapped in a well james was a famous
detective who could crack even the
trickiest mysteries
once he was investigating a case and
found some crucial evidence
the next morning he woke up in a well it
was old and deep but
luckily not filled with water on the
flip side
there was no way the detective could get
out to the surface
suddenly james saw his main suspect's
face at the top of the well
you won't live long enough to rat me out
the man shouted
and then the detective felt soil falling
on his head
the guy was going to bury him alive but
in an hour james was already out of the
well and running away
how did he manage to get out
the detective started to shake off and
tamp down the soil that was falling into
the well
he was getting closer and closer to the
surface until he managed to jump out and
run away
stolen documents early in the morning
ashton got a call from his friend and
owner of a big company the man was in
distress
a very important contract had
disappeared from his office
it was on the desk the evening before
but nowhere to be found in the morning
ashton immediately headed to his
friend's office to question the
employees
in no time he had three suspects
ben said he'd spent the previous evening
at the movies
mason took his girlfriend out to dinner
and jesse was invited to a party
it didn't take ashton long to understand
who was lying
[Music]
it was ben his ticket wasn't torn so
he didn't actually go to the movies
real or fake paul decided to visit his
elderly aunt he hadn't seen for several
months
but when he got to her house he saw two
men wearing construction worker uniforms
they were moving out some furniture what
are you doing here
paul asked mrs sanders hired us to help
her get rid of old furniture
we're from pick and carry transport
company one of the men
answered he sounded honest but paul was
a smart guy
he felt there was something wrong about
the whole situation
suddenly he realized the men were
burglars
how did he understand it
[Music]
there was no company van near his aunt's
house just a dark car with tinted
windows
plus why were the men wearing
construction worker uniforms
if they were movers